make me stay
mute is hard
and I will for
[Music]
yeah one time me takeaway 40 clean cross
country from California to Memphis
Memphis did you see Elvis sure me see
Elvis Elvis say hey chief full of all
you want they eat big gig with me
he say no better face you know like this
rockin and rollin and hold a lot of
shakin goin on seems like there's a
whole lot of bull going on no ball no
kiddin honest Injun is some honest Injun
chief you got more tall tales and a
gambler has tricks no tall tale very
short jab he's like it was a short term
it was the shortest tall tale I ever
heard he's it about as confusing as
Bucky's recipe for moose ear hey hey you
know believe that I tell Elvis new king
of rock'n'roll but they call this Big
Chief the king before you even born
[Music]
this sense
no sir
[Music]
you
that you only get along
love me any kind
[Music]
it made you happy when you make
you go
[Music]
Jake
we get
[Music]
you
welcome gals and guys is always a few
metaphors in a home or they're kind of
like banjo players and guitar Pickers
always of trying to outdo each other
riichi you know speak with forked tongue
almighty leader of fun
show you what I mean partners key
[Music]
it's fantastic picking boys do what I do
Joe's friends and neighbors will be
returning after I make us disappear
watch this I reckon it work my magic
you